Add Microsoft Azure deployment guide (#14733)
metabase/metabase: docs/enterprise-guide/authenticating-with-saml-azure-ad.md

![AZEnterpriseApp](images/saml-azure-ad-enterprise-app.png)

In the new page click on **+ Create your own application** and a bar will open in the right side of the page. Enter "Metabase" as the name of the application, select `Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery (Non-gallery)` as the option and click the **Create** button on the bottom of the bar.

![AZMetabaseApp](images/saml-azure-ad-create.png)

On the application page, under **Manage**, select **Single Sign-on**, then click on the "SAML" button.

![AZAppSAML](images/saml-azure-app-saml.png)

When the "Set up Single Sign-On with SAML" page appears, you'll see an option for "Basic SAML configuration". Click on the **Edit** button to enter the required info.

![AZAzureStep1](images/saml-azure-step-1.png)

Fill out the following fields as follows and click "Save":
- **Identifier (Entity ID)**: `Metabase`
- **Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL)**: go to your Metabase instance in Settings -> Admin-> Authentication -> SAML and insert the value that your Metabase instance reports in the "Configure your identity provider (IdP)" box.

> Now, open in a new tab the link that's in "App Federation Metadata Url" from step 3 and save the "Login URL" and "Azure AD Identifier" links from step 4 as you will need them both in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a new tab, visit the "App Federation Metadata URL". On the Metadata page, note the:

- "Login URL"
- "Azure AD Identifier" 

You'll need these URLs to complete the SSO setup in Metabase.
```

Does this work?
